# Meetup @ Learning Objects 8/22/19

## MVP (minimum viable product) -- website with a survey on it (ideally embedded/iframe) and contextualizing research
## FINAL GOAL -- Simple Grid interactive map with color additions that with research to contextualize. Final map has a custom URL that allows you to save/share/edit your map. Will have sharable links.


### MVP Needs:
* Research & Data Coalition -- Nick S., Kathy, & Erik
	* Will need to find ideal users
	* Calculate land metrics and other fun facts
	* Come up with examples of land usage (i.e. "Ward 6 has X units of single family housing providing Y houses")
	* Develop the survey instrument, including what metadata (like IP addresses) to collect
*  Technical Side -- Ilya, Lizzie, Nick H., Connor, Martin, Technical
	* Survey is designed to inform the eventual visual
	* Likely either Django or Flask backend, JS frontend
	* Data storage and security
*  Wireframe/Design -- Dhru, Conner, Martin
	* Layout and graphical needs for the site
	* Make wireframe as a team at next meeting? Decide from there?		 


Survey notes -- 

what do "baseline constituents" think about when they think about these things?
	* Issue of multiple entries? Not ideal, but would rather make it accessible than barracade against 
	* To discuss -- what fields in the survey? How are we storing the data?
	* Are we distinguishing between residents and non-residents?
	* Are we collecting IP addresses? 
	* Ask for zip/ward for geographical information


### Toolbox:
* **#rfk-community-project channel** for slack communication and announcements
* **GitHub** for code, research, note storage
* **GH Project Board** for work tracking and assignment



## ACTION ITEMS
* Erik to figure out Wilson Building usage for regular meetings
* Erik to figure out hosting/domain costs  
* Lizzie to publish reading list on GitHub  
* Lizzie to set up project board ✔ DONE
* Technical team to determine technical needs and associated costs (hosting fees, data storage, etc) for MVP
* All 3 Teams to determine tasks and add to board


##### Things Erik learned tonight:
* "Django" not "Jengo"
* MVP is a technical term, not a Code for DC-specific term
* What IP Addresses are
